Create `CloseButton` component (#445)
primer/view_components: docs/content/components/closebutton.md

---
title: CloseButton
status: Alpha
source: https://github.com/primer/view_components/tree/main/app/components/primer/close_button.rb
storybook: https://primer.style/view-components/stories/?path=/story/primer-close-button-component
---

import Example from '../../src/@primer/gatsby-theme-doctocat/components/example'

<!-- Warning: AUTO-GENERATED file, do not edit. Add code comments to your Ruby instead <3 -->

> Use close button to render a `×` without default button styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use CloseButton to render a `×` without the default button styles.
```
